That’s my roommate, Camille.
And, well,
that’s me.
I haven’t felt like myself recently.
I started regular pioneering
a couple of years ago.
At first, I was really zealous.
But somewhere down the line,
I lost that good feeling.
Soon, I was losing my joy
for almost everything.
I honestly didn’t know
what was wrong.
It wasn’t like I was doing
anything bad.
I thought,
‘Maybe I’m just tired.’
But it wasn’t getting better.
I tried to assess
what was going on with myself.
I felt love for Jehovah.
I felt love for the congregation,
but I felt unmotivated in my service.
I felt like something was missing.
As my enthusiasm waned,
my meeting attendance suffered too.
Thankfully, the loving elders
in my congregation noticed,
and help was on the way.
The brothers visited
to see how I was doing.
They really listened to me,
and they asked about
my spiritual routine.
Well, I read the Bible every day,
but, I admitted,
I’m not a natural study person.
They reminded me
about the example of Mary,
Jesus’ mother.
At first, I didn’t see the link,
but as we read from the Bible,
it became more clear.
Mary was known
for being a faithful woman.
But what kept her faith strong?
The Bible account said
that Mary paid careful attention
to words that had
deep spiritual meaning
and later took time to meditate,
“drawing conclusions in her heart.”
By meditating on spiritual things,
Mary strengthened her faith
and zeal for serving Jehovah.
I understand now.
I was reading spiritual food,
but I wasn’t taking time to digest it,
so it wasn’t sinking
down into my heart.
As a result,
I was on a direct path
to spiritual burnout
if I didn’t change something quick!
I began by taking control
of my busy schedule.
I made it a priority
to start my day with Bible reading.
I sought out quiet places
where I could meditate on what I read.
Meaningful Bible study reinvigorated
my passion for serving Jehovah,
and prayerful meditation
helped me to refocus.
Over time,
making these changes
helped me to find joy
in my service to Jehovah again.
The Bible says when we make time
to read and meditate on spiritual things,
we will become
“like a tree planted by streams of water,”
with foliage that never withers.
And everything we do will succeed.